{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
# My first cool idea \{#slug-one\}\
\
#### Keywords \{-\}\
\
yaba, daba, do\
\
\
Title: Identifying Prime Subscribers for Upsell\
\
Slug: Television streaming platforms that carry premium channels, such as HBO, Showtime, and Starz, are contractually obligated to sell a specific amount of premium channel packages. But how do these platforms meet these minimum guarantees without overspending on marketing? They have to be very targeted and focus on specific subscribers that are likely to add these packages.\
\
## A beginning.\
\
Streaming platforms need to meet minimum guarantees for premium add-ons without overspending on marketing.\
\
## A middle.\
\
The platforms need to create a predictive model that assigns a probability of purchasing these add-ons to each subscriber. With this model, the company can focus on subscribers that are highly likely and reach out to them with attractive offers. Offers can vary from free trials to credits towards the add-ons to targeted emails showing off the best shows on those channels to banner ads for those channels, and more.\
\
\
## An end.\
\
The main consequence is time. The data scientists that work on this project will have to delay other projects so this will have to be prioritized appropriately. However, this will help avoid penalties and will foster strong relationships with the premium channel partners. This will also keep subscribers invested in the streaming platform because they will watch more content on it.  \
\
\
\
\
}